fix: Update default ID scalar type to be `string` (#146)
0no-co/gql.tada: .changeset/two-rockets-hear.md

---
"gql.tada": minor
---

> Change the default `scalar` type of `ID` to be `string`, as specified in [the spec](https://spec.graphql.org/October2021/#sec-ID)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Change the default scalar type of `ID` to be `string`, as [the GraphQL spec](https://spec.graphql.org/October2021/#sec-ID) recommends it to serialize to a string
```
